because you can spend consul as well
said this time is that there is someone who
come to put order or make someone
You have to first get the Lord North
santa cruz that when he hits the win
and he is self-diagnosed to be well
to be wrong I did it like this in all
stories in the internal cross the other
History of knowing because it has been spoken
much that economically blue cross no longer
is that power funds some
years was that you have to care more
budget that are no longer in the
moment like to run like this
as to bring players high
league quality of the league itself mx
blue cross is still stuck to the idea that
is not his and is not a reality
gentlemen stole trucks of yours what
they took the second division finalist
many many 56 in their own way
manuel madrid that both here they were
in the second action 44
it was not a party where he made a fool of himself
but that was killed to say it was
something that dominated him was the word
for a bad game but you told him what
who does not work on the radio in a
blue cross problem but it does with another
he is free so I also less than
the cougars but everything is more free
well you can speak well Cougars
can speak well we already understood it well
we want to see him I was right
the topic here is what you say is
important blue cross does not have the
resources already to go for those figures
but more than betting on something if the
you have to see I do believe that the
budget that they have because there's no
be very wise to know that you are paid
to help and take advantage of it but help
to define a project look if
define it sportingly
pachuca with all the criticisms that
his directors deserve
he wants to play I understand his a
pure youth project
with propped up with 34 veterans 5 of
soon in excess of foreigners and that of
sundance to pull you close once
that is playing something is not invested in
a structure of basic forces
is giving they are going to sell their
players there is something or even have in
america is a firm firm project
the great figures bring the offensive
it is a definite project
chivas is today defined with those of the
Blue Cross tower if in limbo
The limb
you are cougars like in limbo are
many teams cross blue buy fidel
martínez tomorrow of the u of g
decisions that are going to serve the
life footballers who have worked your
equipment happens what to what I do
but if I red
it is always characterized not only once a
bring the figure of the league
placement
the reality is that you do not give the channel to one
it reaches you there are other teams always
they beat the figure once the figure the
Benitez League who took it to America
the figure of the league
Oribe a background
huntsman who also had his things ok
but I told them soccer player
red as I played in Morelia
I did not play
red as was his attitude to life
I insist consists of Morelia
to the angels this account that there was
entered in bolus
I read a colleague of the press
I already since I really red and it puts
someone care this people cross blue or
Red leaves an impressive speed in
your car when the people are
cause an accident something is going to happen
some day for that but it's
completely out of control now
also probably another technician can
put in place but many people and
I leave you if in the personal aspect that
here we do not get
the truth if something happened very strong with him
but not very strong the personal and the
very strong end the cut and this one
affected did not want and the problem was
when a technician and I have nothing in
against luis fernando but that you do not
you know put the same order in the
dressing and a science is blue but I
I return to the subject and I do not know what has happened to him
to this man whatever if he suggests
drama does not justify the other does not justify
the author from a point of view the
lowering the cut but again there is
where the manager will not coach
exercise